Update Braze identifiers (#5143)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/braze-cloud-mode-actions/index.md

Keep the following in mind if you plan to move to Braze (Actions) from the classic Braze destination.
{% include components/actions-map-table.html name="braze-cloud" %}

## Troubleshooting

### Missing required fields

> Braze require one of "external_id" or "user_alias" or "braze_id" to be present in all events sent. If events are faileing to send, please chcek your event mappings to make sure these fields are resolving to valid values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Braze requires one of either `external_id`, `user_alias`, or `braze_id` to be present in all events sent. If events are failing to send, please check your event mappings to make sure these fields are resolving to valid values.
```
